Re-instate relative_time template method into docs (#38560)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/configuration/templating.markdown

- `as_timestamp(value, default)` converts a datetime object or string to UNIX timestamp. If that fails, returns the `default` value, or if omitted raises an error. This function can also be used as a filter.
- `as_local()` converts a datetime object to local time. This function can also be used as a filter.
- `strptime(string, format, default)` parses a string based on a [format](https://docs.python.org/3/library/datetime.html#strftime-and-strptime-behavior) and returns a datetime object. If that fails, it returns the `default` value or, if omitted, raises an error.

> - `relative_time` converts datetime object to its human-friendly "age" string. The age can be in second, minute, hour, day, month or year (but only the biggest unit is considered, e.g., if it's 2 days and 3 hours, "2 days" will be returned). Note that it only works for dates _in the past_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `relative_time` converts a datetime object to its human-friendly "age" string. The age can be in seconds, minutes, hours, days, months, or years (but only the biggest unit is considered. For example, if it's 2 days and 3 hours, "2 days" will be returned). Note that it only works for dates _in the past_.
```
